Within 60 days of the end of the appraisal period,
the Employee will receive his or her written or otherwise
documented rating of record.
There is an exception for an Employee who has less than 90
days of employment with the Department.
The time frame for the rating of record may be extended to allow
the Employee 90 days to perform according to his or her
appraisal plan before being evaluated.
There is also a provision for an employee who changes his or her
position during the last 90 days of the appraisal period.
The new Rater can either extend the rating period or concur with
the previously issued performance rating for this Employee.